Improve initial instructions to use current clone etc (#8)
justafish/ddev-drupal-core-dev: README.md

This is a DDEV addon for doing Drupal core development.

```

> git clone https://git.drupalcode.org/project/drupal.git core-dev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git clone https://git.drupalcode.org/project/drupal.git drupal
```

> cd core-dev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd drupal
```

## Nightwatch Examples

> You can watch Nightwatch running in real time at https://core-dev.ddev.site:7900

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can watch Nightwatch running in real time at https://drupal.ddev.site:7900
```

> for Chrome and https://core-dev.ddev.site:7901 for Firefox. The password is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for Chrome and https://drupal.ddev.site:7901 for Firefox. The password is
```
